feat: Generate Protobuf files for release (#127)
getsentry/sentry-protos: build_rust/README.md

# Sentry Protos Rust bindings

Rust bindings for sentry-protos. Enables rust applications to consume protobuf
messages using schema defined in sentry-protos.

## Installation

```
cargo add sentry_protos
```

## Generating bindings

> Rust bindings are generated with the `rustgenerator` package. Bindings can be generated using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust bindings are generated with the `build_sentry_protos` package. Bindings can be generated using
```

```shell
# In root of the repository
make build-rust

# Or with

> cargo run -p rustgenerator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo run -p build_sentry_protos
```
